#### Address binding
The association of instruction and data to a specific memory address is needed to execute programs and can be done in different moments:
- **Compile-time**, some programs have absolute addresses that are generated at compile-time, these programs need to be recompiled when the starting location changes;
- **Load-time**, if the memory location is not known at compile-time, relocatable code is generated, where addresses vary basing on which the initial address is;
- **Execution-time**, if the program can be moved during its execution, then its binding occurs when the program is executed.

#### Logical and physical addresses
It's important to note there is a difference between the logical and physical address, and it's essential for central memory management.
- **Logical address** is generated by the CPU;**
- **Physical address** is the real address seen by the memory unit.
When the address binding occurs at compile time or run time, the logical and physical addresses will be the same. In case of address binding occurring at execute time instead, logical address will be named [[Virtual Memory|virtual address]] and will be different from physical address.
The user process works exclusively with logical addresses, and does not know the physical address where its data and code are located.
#### Memory Management Unit (MMU)
From what we've seen virtual and physical addresses are different, since they can change dynamically if the process is relocated in central memory, it's essential to have a way to map the two different addresses, so that they can refer to the same cell of memory. 
MMU's job is exactly to map virtual and physical addresses. 
For example, let's say the program needs to access a variable stored ad logical address 346, but the program has just been relocate to address 14000. It's MMU's responsibility to relocate the logical address 346 to physical address 14346, 